I started my field work recordings on 12 February, 2007, and ended them on 12 March, 2007.
Ans: The field work recordings were started on 12 February, 2007 and ended on 12 March, 2007.

My partner used digital camera to record the animals found on the beach and I marked the animals with quick-drying non-toxic paint.
Ans: The animals found on the beach were recorded by using digital camera and marked with quick-drying non-toxic paint.

We were making recordings of environmental conditions, including the temperature, the salinity and the substrate, at the same time.
Ans: Environmental conditions, including the temperature, the salinity and the substrate, were being recorded at the same time.

I began the laboratory experiments at the same time as the field work.
Ans: The laboratory experiments were begun at the same time as the field work.

Each day I collected 10 animals from beach and placed them in the controlled conditions in the laboratory until experiments began.  
Ans: 10 animals were collected each day from beach and placed in the controlled conditions in the laboratory until experiments began.

We set up the apparatus as shown in Figure 1 and I placed 1 crab in each specimen tube.
Ans: The apparatus was set up as shown in Figure 1 and one crab was placed in each specimen tube.

By the time an experiment started, we had acclimatized the crabs for at least 2 days.
Ans: The crabs had been acclimatized for at least 2 days by the time an experiment was started.

I had fed crabs daily.
Ans: Crabs had been fed daily.

I had prepared their food in advance.
Ans: Their food had been prepared in advance.

My partner used a digital camera at the end of each experiment to record the appearance of the animals.
Ans: The appearance of the animals was recorded by using digital camera at the end of each experiment.

We had printed the photographs taken at the beach for comparison.
Ans: The photographs taken at the beach had been printed for comparison.

We were analyzing results continuously. We analyzed our results using statistical tests.
Ans: Results were being analyzed continuously by using statistical tests.

